---
title: Cloud's T5 Guide
layout: page
permalink: /t5
---

## What

**Phase 1**\
At the start of the fight, there are 3 Scourge of Meracydia adds alongside the boss (Twintania).

- Plummet: Cleave
- Death Sentence: Tankbuster

Scourge of Meracydia:

- Liquid Hell: Leaves an orange circle on the ground that inflicts an unstackable DoT (Burns) while standing in it. Standing in multiple circles does not increase damage taken

Neurolink:\
The boss is restrained by 3 Neurolink rings. 1 breaks and drops under her as a persistent black circle at the end of phases 1, 2 and 4.

Standing in it inflicts the Neurolink debuff. This halves your damage dealt and healing received, and makes you move slightly slower. However, it lets you survive Aetheric Profusion & Hatch in later phases.

**Phase 2**

- Death Sentence: Now also inflicts 15s of Infirmity, reducing healing from spells (but not skills/abilities)
- Fireball: Marks a target with a red marker, then hits them with a group soak AoE. At least 4 people are needed for the stack to survive. Each person hit gives the boss a stack of Waxen Flesh, visualised with an orange tether
  - Waxen Flesh: Each stack shortens the time before Conflagration explodes
- Firestorm: Marks a target with a blue marker, then traps them and everyone nearby in a Conflagration circle slightly smaller than the boss's hitbox. Going in causes you to also be trapped. Trapped people suffer a weaker Burns DoT, but are otherwise immune to damage. Conflagration must be killed quickly or it will explode, killing everyone trapped inside

## When

**Phase 1**
7s: Plummet (repeats every 13s)
18s: Death Sentence (repeats every 35s)

**Phase 2** at <85% HP
8s: Fireball marker (repeats every 25s)
28s: Firestorm marker (repeats every 35s)

